Iris Readme updated for rev3: dfu and reference to udev rules (#6188)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/keebio/iris/readme.md

    make keebio/iris/rev2:default:avrdude

Note that Iris rev3 uses the `dfu` bootloader:

    make keebio/iris/rev3:default:dfu

> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs_getting_started) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Linux users should consult options for [`atmel-dfu` `udev` rules](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/faq_build?id=linux-udev-rules).

Reviewer: While the first part is fine, I am not sure that this should be here.  Specifically, this info is not board specific, and applies to any board.  As such, I feel that it's outside of the scope for what this readme is supposed to be.

```suggestion
```

> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs_getting_started) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Linux users should consult options for [`atmel-dfu` `udev` rules](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/faq_build?id=linux-udev-rules).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
